I've some new with you on some keyboard
that I found it for killer color
keyboard today I make it really feel of
it because it's really cool keyboards so
kind of type in my coat so you're gonna
make you see it if you see this is it it
call its active blue keyboard if you see
it's a really nice keyboard right here
I'm right here it's also the Serie works
you see a cool backgrounds on the one
thing hello hello if you see this all
the works
hello okay so that's cool also type the
names capital not capital and kept so
that's it and this is it I think it'd
work socks on safari of course and to
them and I'm going to let you see this
wrapper because for this Interpol so
just going to go to you go to sources
and add this source right here which is
also in description but then let's hear
it right here yeah 6636 commes les
midgets / that's and here we found it
and is this active active blue sheet
cake see the
this touch dismayed for I phones ipod
touches what color keyboard mark works
for Siri non sarà retina and non-retina
does not install trial point aboard
cruise from color keyboard or the pop-up
i don't know if i install it to Papa I
don't know I think all the pop-up if you
see this pop-up is very nice she was
like it II title so this is so this is
it this is this keyboard teen there's
nothing not really not much more to see
this see if you want to get this the
wrapper is in description below just
look at the description yep right and
it's also on the screen if you see right
here you're sorry PO so that's it guys
thank you for watching subscribe and
subscribe subscribe subscribe and like
if I rate this video and if you see I'm
running on ipod touch 4 channel I'm also
with Syrian really see I have Siri on it
I have I have it right here hi Siri I
have it right here see and it's working
it's working if you see it's it working
but I'm running the airport
then I'm checking your location and
that's it so another one thank you for
watching and subscribe